# Default
*                                   @Twentysix26

# Core
redbot/core/config.py               @tekulvw
redbot/core/cog_manager.py          @tekulvw
redbot/core/context.py              @Tobotimus
redbot/core/data_manager.py         @tekulvw
redbot/core/drivers/*               @tekulvw
redbot/core/i18n.py                 @tekulvw
redbot/core/modlog.py               @palmtree5
redbot/core/rpc.py                  @tekulvw
redbot/core/sentry_setup.py         @Kowlin @tekulvw
redbot/core/utils/mod.py            @palmtree5

# Cogs
redbot/cogs/admin/*                 @tekulvw
redbot/cogs/alias/*                 @tekulvw
redbot/cogs/audio/*                 @tekulvw
redbot/cogs/bank/*                  @tekulvw
redbot/cogs/cleanup/*               @palmtree5
redbot/cogs/customcom/*             @palmtree5
redbot/cogs/downloader/*            @tekulvw
redbot/cogs/economy/*               @palmtree5
redbot/cogs/filter/*                @palmtree5
redbot/cogs/general/*               @palmtree5
redbot/cogs/image/*                 @palmtree5
redbot/cogs/mod/*                   @palmtree5
redbot/cogs/modlog/*                @palmtree5
redbot/cogs/trivia/*                @Tobotimus

# Docs
docs/*                              @tekulvw @palmtree5
